#Focus on what we are going to build

Maybe it helps to focus on what we are going to build, obviously with
a view of impacting what the user gets, but talking about what the
project would consist of. Building client-side software raises
different questions from building server-side software, and I suggest
we don't try to build both, because that's twice as much work. :) So
some project ideas:

* "hosted reader": find an open source hosted reader application (or
build one from scratch), and make it more compatible with our
publishing tools. If we build something that works, then IndieHosters
can immediately roll it out to our existing user base as a stand-alone
application, or it can be shipped as  an integrated part of Known,
ownCloud, and/or Cozy (depending on the language we write it in).

* "reader app": same, but for a client-side reader app instead of a
hosted one. E.g.: improve "dynamic bookmarks" (the rss reader part of
Firefox) to displays notifications when something comes in.

* "private sharing": add support for unguessable URLs to an existing
publishing tool. Maybe syndicate to a Twitter DM, or to email?

* "device sync": An app on each device, and a simplistic file server
in the middle. I would suggest we first look at what people already
use, and at least in my friends circle, I think ownCloud is the
overwhelming market leader here. The ownCloud client for desktop and
for Android already exist, so let's see if we can make more personal
servers compatible with those clients? Trying to avoid xkcd-927 here. 


If you are interested in working on projects like these at or after
FLOSS4P2P then please express this during the workshop.

If you have more first-project ideas then please open a pull request
to add them to this document.
